Use correct WakaTime for Figma instructions (#346)
hackclub/hackatime: docs/editors/figma.md

Make sure you have a [Hackatime account](https://hackatime.hackclub.com) and are logged in.

## Step 2: Install the Extension

> Visit the [GitHub page](https://go.skyfall.dev/waka) and install the extension on Chrome or Firefox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the [GitHub page](https://github.com/SkyfallWasTaken/figma-wakatime) and install the extension on Chrome or Firefox.
```

Unshorten the link

## Step 3: Configure API credentials

1. Click the "puzzle piece" icon on your toolbar
2. Click on "WakaTime for Figma"
3. For the API key, use your Hackatime API key (which is located [here](https://hackatime.hackclub.com/my/wakatime_setup))
4. For the API URL, use `https://hackatime.hackclub.com/api/hackatime/v1`

## Troubleshooting

- **Plugin not working?** Try refreshing your Figma after installation. You should see a "WakaTime for Figma is running!" toast when you open a Figma design.

> - **Using FigJam or Figma Slides?** The plugin currently doesn't support FigJam or Figma Slides - it only works for the main editor. If you would like support for this, open an issue on the extension's [GitHub page.](https://go.skyfall.dev/waka)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Using FigJam or Figma Slides?** The plugin currently doesn't support FigJam or Figma Slides - it only works for the main editor. If you would like support for this, open an issue on the extension's [GitHub page.](https://github.com/SkyfallWasTaken/figma-wakatime)
```
Unshorten the link
